as tough as it is to travel these days
it can feel nice to get to your hotel
room you can relax watch TV pour
yourself a drink or maybe not in hotel
after hotel after hotel I team hidden
cameras expose a dirty little secret so
it could be six years that this cup has
never touched really hot water or soap
or soap or been sanitized in any way
correct
Randi Searles is talking about how the
guest glasses and coffee cups were
cleaned at the six-year-old Embassy
Suites Hotel and Alpharetta a hotel
where he used to work as a manager
before he was fired for an unrelated
issue basically what they're doing there
is using a glass camp cleaner to spray
into their glasses wipe them out put
them and put them back we booked a room
at the Embassy Suites to see for
ourselves our hidden camera captures the
housekeeper putting the glasses into the
dirty sink then she sprays a blue liquid
on them take a look a liquid that's
labeled do not drink then she rinses
them off and dries them they never leave
the room this is not an acceptable
practice we wondered if the Embassy
Suites was the only hotel not washing
their guestroom glasses the right way so
we checked in for two nights at this
downtown Holiday Inn
and at this Sheridan Galleria Suites in
Cobb County we were clear that one
person would stay one night but another
person would take the room the second
night once inside we filled our drinking
glasses with soda and we marked them
with lipstick
so his housekeeping came in we left with
hidden cameras rolling
at the Holiday Inn downtown it happened
again watch the housekeeper clean our
dirty glasses she turns on the water
simply rinses them out and sets them
back out to be used again personally if
I were a person who had just stayed at
this place I would be questioning
whether or not my health was being put
at risk while I was there and Roy Costin
knows about health risks that's
outrageous he's a public health expert
who consults for companies and
government agencies on disease control
he watched our video what can I get in
reality from that okay would you can get
any of the pathogens that were on that
person's hand when they touch the cup
which could be things like e.coli and
Salmonella your mononucleosis you have
your herpes but that's not all he says
you can catch a staph infection what
else is under the flesh-eating bacteria
yeah the hepatitis now at the Sheraton
Galleria Suite what we capture here is
tough to swallow
our housekeeper spray some sort of
liquid on our glasses glasses that are
sitting in our dirty sink then she
rinses them out this whole time she's
wearing a glove this is what we know
about that glove just before washing our
glasses this housekeeper walked into the
bathroom some water swishes
now listen she blushes then she walks
out wearing that glove and washes our
drinking glasses but she's not done yet
she grabs our dirty washcloth sniffs it
then dries our glasses we tried to talk
to Sheridan management about what we
captured but they would not sit down
with us because quote it's too
controversial an issue so we asked a
Cobb County health inspector what he
thought these procedures do not meet
basic health practices clear code
violations mmm obvious Holiday Inn
Management assures us their guestroom
glasses go through a dishwasher but has
since taken the glasses out of the room
replacing them with single-use plastic
cups Embassy Suites management said
their room glasses also go through a
dishwasher but when we told them about
what we found on hidden camera we got no
comment